#summary Features supported in MaxTable

  * *Scalability*: New ranger nodes can be added as storage needs increase; the system automatically adapts to the new nodes while running the loadbalance.
 
  * *Data writes*: When an application insert a data, for consistency, applications will force data to be flushed to the Ranger server， Also, for performance, writes can be cached at the Ranger server, periodically, the cache is flushed. In either case, once data is flushed to the server, it is available for reading. In the Metaserver, all the metadata will be cached if your memory is enough. 

  * *SSTable Map*: This feature will reduce the data consistency control and improve the performance of data write, and we use a innovative method to solve the conflicts between writes so that it doesn't need any lock mutation for multi-writes.

  * *Cache All Data*: In MaxTable we cache all the metadata in the Metaserver and the hot point data in ranger server.

  * *Range Query*: Range query is supported in MaxTable that its data is sorted automatically .

  * *Re-balancing*: Periodically, the Metaserver may rebalance the tablet amongst Rangerservers. This is done to help with balancing disk space utilization amongst nodes. 

  * *Data integrity*: SStable log recover the crash SStable while the server is crash.

  * *Metadata consistency checking*: to ensure the data consistency between on the metaserver and range server.

  * *Metaserver side fail-over*: If the metaserver detects that the range server is unreachable, the metaserver will transfer its data locating on the crash range server to another range server and continue the service for this range.
 
  * *Availability of data*: 99.99%.